Title: Desolate Phoenix Forest

---

And from today a legend is born, he still didn't perceive this, but his personallity was slowling change, why would he want to become an Immortal, why would he train so hard and could even die?

Even thought in his first life he was intelligent and in his second life he is more courageos, this don't justify, is this the system?

Or something greater?

---

After planning he started his new routine right away.

And he trained his body until it was 10 AM, even if slightly, he perceived that there was progress in his cultivation, if he continued this way perhaps in 20 years he can reach peak Body Forging, and with a little of luck, reach Foundation Building before the 50s.

Altough this seems like much, many people take their whole life to reach this realm, but others can reach it in weeks...

With a High Earth level talent and without heaven defying lucky, it's impossible to reach Foundation Building before the thirties.

But, as his routine says, he make a break of half-hour and start to head to the Mission Pavilion, that's where the missions are givin to other sect disciples.

In the way to the Pavilion he heard some disciples talking.

"Hey, did you know, there's strange movement in the forest outside the sect, apparently a beast with a 2° grade bloodline was born" - Random disciple 1

"What!, is this true?" - Random disciple 2

"Of course, I was lucky to hear some inner sect disciples talking while doing some chores, this is a great opportunity!" - Random disciple 1

"Ugh, I don't think so, probably those disciples or elders at the Foundation Building level are probably already in action, and there's a chance that Core Formation level powerhouses where dispatched" - Random disciple 2

"I know of this, we can't have the meat, but a little of soup is sure to be left, if we can get this..." - Random disciple 1

At this moment those two disciples perceived that Evren was nearby and stoped talking while leaving rapidly, they couldn't reveal more information to a possible competitor.

"Tsc, those petty disciples, can't even afford to let some opportunities for others, well, if even two random disciples already know about this, it means that many people knew, so I have two possibilities, avoid the forest or try my luck."

"Cultivation is going against Heavens, so if I want to become successful I need to make some bets, so I'm going to the forest!"

And then Evren make his decision, that can look small, but is going to have severe repercussion in the future.

As he was getting closer to the Pavilion, it was possible to see more and more disciples, some where even with visible injuries, but nothing too serious.

To those disciples as long as they don't lose a member, everything is fine, because altough with Qi you can do everything a hand, feet or even eyes do, each part of your body holds an amount of Qi, that increases with your cultivation, even if you can regenerate it, it wouldn't be the same, and you are going to be weaker than your peers.


