Title: Boundless book page 1

??? = Unknow for now...

Cultivation Ranks 

Mortal realm:

Qi Gathering        - 1° rank    - lifespan ~70 years
Body Forging        - 2° rank    - lifespan ~150 years
Foundation Building - 3° rank    - lifespan ~200 years
Core Formation      - 4° rank    - lifespan ~300 years
Nascent Soul        - 5° rank    - lifespan ~500 years
Void Breaking       - 6° rank    - lifespan ~1000 years
King                - 7° rank    - lifespan ~2500 years
Emperor             - 8° rank    - lifespan ~3000 years
Saint               - 9° rank    - lifespan ~5000 years

Half-Immortal       - 10.1° rank - lifespan ~5100 years
Quasi-Immortal      - 10.2° rank - lifespan ~5200 years
Ascencion           - 10.3° rank - lifespan ~5500 years

-

Divine Rank - ??? - lifespan ??? years

-

Celestial Rank - ??? - lifespan ??? years

-

God Rank - ??? - lifespan ??? years

-

True Immortal - ??? rank - lifespan infinity

-----

Each rank is sub-divided into: early, middle, top, peak.

The 10° rank in the Mortal Realm isn't a true rank, but only a title give to peak Saint, because in the peak of Saint rank you need to convert your Qi into 'Immortal' Qi, those who convert 50%+ Receive the title of Half-Immortal, 75%+ Quasi-Immortal and 100% reach Ascencion and then you can go to a higher realm.

Even tough you don't really advance a rank your power is exponencially more powerful, a person that could convert even 1% of their Qi in 'Immortal Qi' can easely trash peak Saints, because each 1% can make you 10% more powerful, and can have a supress effect on enemies of 50% to those who don't have 'Immortal Qi' and 25% to those who have less 'Immortal Qi' than you.

The cultivation ranks are the same for soul, body and qi, normally when its said that a person is in the middle of Core Formation for exemple it refers to the Qi cultivation base, the three types of cultivation has the same power, so in theory a person with a soul at the peak Foundation Building has the same power as a person with Qi cultivation at the peak of Foundation Building, but if a person has both soul and qi at the peak of Foundation Building, their power can be comparable to early Core Formation, also the Nascent Soul realm don't mean a soul at the level of Nascent Soul, it only mean that they can naturally strength their soul.

Rarely a person train both soul, body and qi, because o time and resources, techniques that can train more than one type of cultivation are extremelly rare, and even if is found, normally its grade is very low, so a person that wants to train more than one type of cultivation need twice or thrice the time to progress, by that time their friends and enemies are in higher ranks.

-----

Talent grades:

Mortal   - 1° grade - Body Forging
Earth    - 2° grade - Core Formation
Heaven   - 3° grade - Void Breaking
Royal    - 4° grade - Emperor
Holy     - 5° grade - Ascencion

Immortal - ?° grade - True Immortal

---

Because the tool that detect talent is of low grade in the Mortal Realm, the talent grade only has two ranks: low or high, and if your talent is above Holy, the tool resets and start counting again, meaning if your talent is in the 7° grade, the tool in the mortal realm says that you have a Earth grade talent(2° grade), even if your talent grade is 1000001, the tool is gonna say you're a Mortal grade talent(1° grade), the max level you can reach also depends on the grade of your cultivation talent, so even if you have a Holy talent, without a good cultivation technique you can't reach Ascencion.

The talent stone(tool used to test talent in the Mortal Realm) only tests your Qi cultivation talent, so a Mortal grade talent can have a 'hidden' talent of Holy grade for Soul cultivation or Body cultivation.

Herbs and pills that can increase the talent are extremlly rare and expensive even in the higher realms, but even in the Mortal Realm its possible to get pills and herbs that can increase the talent, but the limit is upgrade a High Heaven grade to Low Royal grade.

-----

Techniques grades:

Mortal         - 1° grade - Body Forging
Earth          - 2° grade - Core Formation
Heaven         - 3° grade - Void Breaking
Royal          - 4° grade - Emperor
Holy           - 5° grade - Saint 
Fake Immortal - 6° grade - Ascencion


Immortal - ?° grade - True Immortal

---

Techniques grades are bassically the same as talent, except because of the Fake Immortal grade that needs 'Immortal Qi', also the ranks are: low, middle and high, but with two speciall ranks named: poor and demonic, the poor rank means that the technique can hurt the user, so is bassicaly useless, but genius can complete them and return it to their original rank, so an ancient high Holy grade technique that was lost in time and become incomplete can be moved to poor Holy grade, but if is completed again it return to high Holy grade, and the demonic grade techniques are techniques that needs the user to use demonic means to train it, such as mass murder, etc.

-----

Items, pills, arrays, runes, metals, herbs, etc:

From 1° grade(Qi gathering) to 9° grade(Saint).

---

Their ranks are very similar to the cultivation ranks, but they are sub-divided into: trash, low, mid, great, high, top and legendary, those grade represent the quality of the item were trash is almost poison, in the mortal realm the only trash grade item that one might think of buy is of the 7°, 8° or 9° grade, poor people can think of buy those bellow it, but normally it isn't a good option, because with the price of a trash grade rank 3° item for example you can buy a mid or great at the 2° grade that normally are much better than a trash grade of 3° rank, for a item to be labed top grade it need to be perfect or a required item to create perfect grade items(such as metals and herbs), so for a pill to be perfect grade it needs to have 100% purity, and the legendary grade, the item need to give a boost to the person with barelly any restriction on the level, one example is the 'Fate Apple' that can make anyone who eat it have their talent upgrade by one grade up to High Heaven grade and it can increase the quality of the Qi by a 100%, making it a heavely sought item by Peak Saint powerhouses who want to purify their Qi into 'Immortal Qi', another example is the 'Strength Boosting Pill' that is a pill at the 2° grade which can increate the base strength of a person in the Body Forging rank(Qi or Body) for a 100% margin in the top grade, but it can only be consumed once, in the legendary grade, it can be consumed again and can increase the base strength of even peak Void Breaking powerhouses by 100% and Saints powerhouses by 25%, but exists a magic grade know as Mythic grade, its unknow how a item of this grade is create or born, but all of them start as 1° grade and can grown infinitily with the user all the way to the 'True Immortal' rank, it can also only have one user in its lifetime, but of couse this is only a legend...

-----

Beasts have the same cultivation system, but they have a very long lifespan based on their bloodline grade, and they need to train qi, soul and body to advance the ranks, so at the same stage the beasts reign supreme, but the price to pay is their low intelligence, only at the Void Breaking rank they have the same level of intelligence as a human, in the King rank they can speak and at the Emperor rank they can change into human like form.

The bloodline ranks are:

Soldier    - 1° grade - base lifespan ~100 years - talent Nascent Soul
Elite      - 2° grade - base lifespan ~500 years - talent Saint
Captain    - 3° grade - base lifespan ~1000 years - talent ???
General    - 4° grade - base lifespan ~5000 years - talent ???
Elder      - 5° grade - base lifespan ~10000 years - talent ???
King       - 6° grade - base lifespan ~50000 years - talent ???
Ancestor   - 7° grade - base lifespan ~100000 years - talent ???
Progenitor - 8° grade - base lifespan ~500000 years - talent ???


Each bloodline rank grants a level of influence over beasts with lower grade than then and this influence can expand to cultivation ranks + bloodline grade, so a Qi Gathering beast with grade 3° bloodline can control a Core Formation beast of 1° or 2° grade bloodline, but the limit of this is only one beast, aside from this "guardian" a 2° grade beast can form an "army" of 10 1° grade beast one realm bellow their, so a Foundation Building 2° grade bloodline can have 10 Body Forfing 1° grade bloodline plus a Nascent Soul beast, a 3° grade bloodline can have a "guardian", 10 2° grade beasts one realm bellow and 100 1° grade beasts two realms bellow(10 from each 2° grade beasts it controlls), this influence can't make then become mindless slaves, only if the difference of bloodline grade is 5 or more grades can they make them become mindless slaves, but it can make them very loyal to their "master", making beasts of high grade extremelly difficult to kill, also the son of a beast that has a grade higher than 1 only has 10% of inheriting its parent grade, 20% of being two grades bellow, 30% of being three grades bellow and 40% of being four grades bellow, the beasts can upgrade their grade be consuming others beasts with higher grade or rare treasures.

-------------------

QI & Laws & Daos

#($*#(&*!@&@¨*))!R*)1

Blocked by Mortal Realm
